Re-add 2x missing CMake IMPL_ flags to the Wiki (#585)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/keywords.rst

   Recall that to set a keyword in CMake you used the syntax ``-Dkeyword_name=value``.

.. note::

>    It is recommended to use the ``ccmake`` curses GUI to browse the complete list of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You may use the ``ccmake`` curses GUI to browse the complete list of
```

   Recall that to set a keyword in CMake you used the syntax ``-Dkeyword_name=value``.

.. note::
   The ``ccmake`` graphical user interface offers a convenient way to explore
   available CMake options and their current values. It may be more up to date
   with the Kokkos version that you are using.
   **A word of warning:** variables with names containing ``IMPL`` are private

>    implementation detailis. Avoid modifying these unless you have a deep

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   implementation details. Avoid modifying these unless you have a deep
```

    * * ``Kokkos_ENABLE_ATOMICS_BYPASS``
      * Disable atomics when no host parallel nor device backend is enabled for Serial only builds (since Kokkos 4.3)
      * ``OFF``
    * * ``Kokkos_ENABLE_IMPL_CUDA_MALLOC_ASYNC``

>       * Enable ``cudaMallocAsync`` (requires CUDA Toolkit 11.2). This optimization may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Enable ``cudaMallocAsync`` (requires CUDA Toolkit version 11.2 or higher). This optimization may
```

	improve performance in applications with multiple CUDA streams per device, but it
	is known to be incompatible with MPI distributions built on older versions of UCX

> 	and many Cray MPICH instances. See `kokkos/kokkos#7353 <https://github.com/kokkos/kokkos/pull/7353>`_

Reviewer: Please refer to the CUDA section in the Known Issues page `known-issues.html#cuda` instead of the PR (I don't remember the canonical way to do cross references in reStructuredText on top of my head)

@cedricchevalier19 has been assigned to update that paragraph at the developer meeting yesterday.

> 	improve performance in applications with multiple CUDA streams per device, but it
> 	is known to be incompatible with MPI distributions built on older versions of UCX
> 	and many Cray MPICH instances. See `kokkos/kokkos#7353 <https://github.com/kokkos/kokkos/pull/7353>`_
>       * ``ON``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      improve performance in applications with multiple CUDA streams per device, but it
      is known to be incompatible with MPI distributions built on older versions of UCX
      and many Cray MPICH instances. See `kokkos/kokkos#7353 <https://github.com/kokkos/kokkos/pull/7353>`_
      * ``ON``
```

	
    * * ``Kokkos_ENABLE_IMPL_HPX_ASYNC_DISPATCH``
      * Enable asynchronous dispatch for the HPX backend
      * ``ON``
	
``Kokkos_ENABLE_CUDA_LAMBDA`` default value is ``OFF`` until 3.7 and ``ON`` since 4.0

``Kokkos_ENABLE_IMPL_CUDA_MALLOC_ASYNC`` default value is ``OFF`` until 4.2, and ``ON`` until 4.5

> Any CMake keywords containing `IMPL` can fundamentally alter the underlying implementation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any CMake keyword containing `IMPL` can fundamentally alter the underlying implementation
```

of Kokkos on a given backend. It is encouraged not to set these unless the user knows what

> they are doing can accept the behavior changing without warning.

Reviewer: > can fundamentally alter the underlying implementation of Kokkos on a given backend

We should make it a general warning right after the note suggesting that users can use ccmake to discover the list of options.  It is not specific to backend options.  Essentially, anything that says `IMPL` is considered private implementation detail and we reserve the right to change at anytime without prior notice.

@nliber would you please add a section on CMake variables in the [compatibility guidelines](https://kokkos.org/kokkos-core-wiki/ProgrammingGuide/Compatibility.html)

> they are doing can accept the behavior changing without warning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
they are doing and can accept the behavior changing without warning.
```
